Update POST-Properties-Reference.md (#9)
Aaron-Gor/API-Docs: POST-Properties-Reference.md

POST/meal/lunch/main/burger/burger properties 

> The customer can order one or more beefburger or a veggie burger. The size can be 300 gr or 400 gr. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The customer can order one or more beef or veggie burgers. The size can be 300 or 400 g. 
```

> The customer has the option to specify how the burger is cooked: medium rare, medium or well-done. The customer has the option to choose the bun type: white or whole meat. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The customer has the option to specify how the burger is cooked: medium rare, medium, or well-done. The customer has the option to choose the bun type: white or whole wheat. 
```

> The customer can choose the type of topping for the burger: lettuce, tomato, onion or no topping. The customer can choose which condiment to have with the burger: ketchup, BBQ sauce, mushroom sauce or no condiment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The customer can choose the type of toppings for the burger: lettuce, tomato, onion, or no toppings. The customer can choose which condiments to have with the burger: ketchup, BBQ sauce, mushroom sauce, or no condiments.
```
